RabbitMQ Source docs (#5137)
knative/docs: docs/eventing/broker/rabbitmq-broker/README.md

> # Creating a RabbitMQBroker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Creating a RabbitMQBroker object
```

> # Creating a RabbitMQBroker object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Creating a RabbitMQ Broker
```

> This topic describes how to create a RabbitMQBroker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic describes how to create a RabbitMQBroker object.
```

> This topic describes how to create a RabbitMQBroker object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic describes how to create a RabbitMQ Broker.
```

# Creating a RabbitMQBroker

This topic describes how to create a RabbitMQBroker.

## Prerequisites

1. You have installed [Knative Eventing](../../../install/yaml-install/eventing/install-eventing-with-yaml.md)
1. You have installed [CertManager v1.5.4](https://github.com/jetstack/cert-manager/releases/tag/v1.5.4) - easiest integration with RabbitMQ Messaging Topology Operator
1. You have installed [RabbitMQ Messaging Topology Operator](https://github.com/rabbitmq/messaging-topology-operator) - our recommendation is [latest release](https://github.com/rabbitmq/messaging-topology-operator/releases/latest) with CertManager

> 1. A working RabbitMQ Instance, we recommend to create one Using the [RabbitMQ Cluster Operator](https://github.com/rabbitmq/cluster-operator).
> For more information about configuring the `RabbitmqCluster` CRD, see the [RabbitMQ website](https://www.rabbitmq.com/kubernetes/operator/using-operator.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You have access to a working RabbitMQ instance. You can create a RabbitMQ instance by using the [RabbitMQ Cluster Kubernetes Operator](https://github.com/rabbitmq/cluster-operator). For more information see the [RabbitMQ website](https://www.rabbitmq.com/kubernetes/operator/using-operator.html).
```

For more information about configuring the `RabbitmqCluster` CRD, see the
[RabbitMQ website](https://www.rabbitmq.com/kubernetes/operator/using-operator.html).

> ## Reference an external RabbitMQ Cluster

Reviewer: Should this one then also be "optional"?

> ## Reference an external RabbitMQ Cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Connect a RabbitMQ cluster
```
Suggestion on title naming - I think the current title makes it a bit confusing since all rabbitmq clusters technically would be external, and "connecting" gives a better idea of what the user is actually doing here I think?

Author: True, I'll rephrase it a bit better

> 1. Create a Secret that stores the external RabbitMQ Cluster Credentials and URI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a Secret that stores the external RabbitMQ cluster credentials and URI:
```

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: Secret
    metadata:
      name: rabbitmq-secret-credentials
    # This is just a sample, don't use it this way in production
    stringData:
      username: $EXTERNAL_RABBITMQ_USERNAME
      password: $EXTERNAL_RABBITMQ_PASSWORD
      uri: $EXTERNAL_RABBITMQ_MANAGEMENT_UI_URI:$PORT
    ```

> You will reference this Secret in the RabbitMQ Broker config later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will reference this Secret in the RabbitMQ Broker configuration later.
```
I'd maybe format this as a note?

> ## Create a RabbitMQ Broker config object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create a RabbitmqBrokerConfig object
```

      name: <rabbitmq-broker-config-name>
    spec:
      rabbitmqClusterReference:
        # Configure name if a local cluster is being used.
        name: <cluster-name>
        # Configure connectionSecret if an external RabbitMQ cluster is being used.
        connectionSecret:
          name: rabbitmq-secret-credentials
      queueType: quorum
    ```
    Where:

    - <rabbitmq-broker-config-name> is the name you want for your RabbitMQ Broker config object.
    - <cluster-name> is the name of the RabbitMQ cluster you created earlier.

    !!! note

>         You cannot set `name` and `connectionSecret` at the same time.

Reviewer: explain why?

      name: <rabbitmq-broker-config-name>
    spec:
      rabbitmqClusterReference:

>         # if a local cluster is being used. name and connectionSecret cannot be set at the same time

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        # Configure name if a local cluster is being used.
```

Reviewer 2: I deleted the _"name and connectionSecret cannot be set at the same time"_ part here. Maybe add this as a note later?

        name: <cluster-name>

>         # if an external rabbitmq cluster is being used

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        # Configure connectionSecret if an external RabbitMQ cluster is being used.
```

        connectionSecret:
          name: rabbitmq-secret-credentials
      queueType: quorum
    ```

>     Where <cluster-name> is the name of the RabbitMQ cluster created in the step above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Where: 
    
    - <rabbitmq-broker-config-name> is the name you want for your RabbitMQ Broker config object.
    - <cluster-name> is the name of the RabbitMQ cluster you created earlier.
    
    !!! note
        You cannot set `name` and `connectionSecret` at the same time.
```
